Tools: Add a new tool as resource document linter (#20235)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: internal/tools/document-lint/README.md

# Introduction 

> This tool is to fix the documetn mismatch and format issues of terraform azurerm provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tool detects and fixes inconsistencies in the AzureRM Terraform Provider resource documentation.

```

> What Can It Do:
> 1. document format fix.
> 2. check required/optional value of properties
> 3. check default value of properties
> 4. check force new value
> 5. check timeout of create/update/read/delete
> 6. check properties missed/redundant in document
> 7. check possible values of proeprties in document

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## The following can be checked/fixed:
1. Formatting of documentation.
2. The Required/Optional value of properties.
3. The Default value of properties.
4. The ForceNew value of properties.
5. The TimeOut value of create/update/read/delete functions.
6. Properties that are present in the schema but missing in the documentation and vice versa.
7. The list of PossibleValues. 

```
